[Az.Resources] Create feature registration cmdlets (#16264)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Resources/Resources/help/Get-AzProviderPreviewFeature.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/get-azproviderpreviewfeature
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzProviderPreviewFeature

## SYNOPSIS
Gets a feature registration in your account.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzProviderPreviewFeature [-Name <String>] -ProviderNamespace <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The **Get-AzProviderPreviewFeaturen** cmdlet gets a feature registration in your account.
> 
> ## EXAMPLES
> 
> ### Example 1
> ```powershell
> PS C:\>Get-AzProviderPreviewFeaturen -FeatureName AllowApplicationSecurityGroups -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Network

Reviewer: nit: typo
```suggestion
The **Get-AzProviderPreviewFeature** cmdlet gets a feature registration in your account.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\>Get-AzProviderPreviewFeature -FeatureName AllowApplicationSecurityGroups -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Network
```

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The feature name.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: FeatureName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ProviderNamespace
The resource provider namespace.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

> ### Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.SubscriptionFeatureRegistration

Reviewer: Need to be regenerated because output type should be `PSSubscriptionFeatureRegistration`
